C-Done:
1 manageteleios command

AF-Done:
1 warp command
1 warppoint command
1 heal command
1 damage command
1 chatclear command
1 enderchest command
1 invsee command
1 mute command
1 unmute command
1 joinmessage command
1 tphere command
1 gmc command
1 gmsp command
1 gms command
1 gma command
.


BG-Done:
1 Enderchest command
1 Teleporters:
    1 distance calculation with Pythagoras
    1 left-clicking on teleporters opens the interactive inventory
    1 case insensitive warping
    1 the teleporter orientation is the player's orientation when placing it
.


Implement this version:
0 revise commands using GlobalFunctions simplifications, CONTINUE: /gma
0 revise docs: [parameter] -> <parameter> ...
0 test:
    0 /damage (can still kill other players?)
    0 /gma (output ok?) & copy to /gmx
    0 /joinmessage permission
0 introduce parameters correctly (more GlobalFunctions functions)
0 handle every input in commands
0 make common parts methods (segment items...)
0 implement tab-completion
0 move sbpp to MTL-inv
0 set max teleporter name length using MTL-inv
0 reduce exception handling to minimum
0 listener event priorities
0b ConfigEditor: change initiate wpp...
0 organise ConfigEditor workflow:
    0 optional: get & save previous value
    0 test new value
    if valid:
        0 set new value
    else:
        0 test previous value
        if valid:
            0 store to config & notify console
        else:
            0 store default value
0 revise GitHub page (functionality)
.


C-Planned:
0 move config to world folder
0 integrated tutorials
    0 players start with instruction book (you can get anytime using /howto?)?
    0 clicking on teleporters starts chat prompt wth info?
    0 /help Teleporter|Teleporters?
    0 /help Teleios?
0 command (or MTL inv) to de-implement commands to make space for other plugins' command names
0 make only one instance of menu invs
0 merge PassiveSkills segment into BetterGameplay
.


AF-Planned:
0a /opl list
0a test invalid values for JoinMessage path
0a /giveteleporter to give the teleporter item
0a revise /inventories
0a destructionmanager inventory to manage which entities (Creepers, Villagers, TNT...) can destroy what
0a [world manager] (inv):
    monsters:
        0a change NBT data per monster type
        0a monsters get stronger the more are killed (= regional difficulty in Vanilla?)
    blocks:
        drops: 0a make drops adaptable (multipliers)
0a /repair: repairs the targeted player's items
0a (terminal) command to make MTL inventory read-only to selected players to restrict admins from activating commands they are not meant to use
0a print changes in variables (like blocksperpearl) to chat for admins
0a /protect command to make yourself or another player invincible
0a startinghelp function: monsters deal less damage to specified players
0a /inventories command: make inventories case insensitive
0a /spawnmob command: allows you to spawn <=100 entities at a time
0a Guardian: for critical security
    0a block usage of "/kill @e" and "/tp @e" without selectors
0a Vision: simplify quests and structure building. Mode which can be entered using /vison cmd.
   Player's state (location, inventory, health, xp...) is saved at entering, player is set to creative/spectator
   (invisible)?, mode with temporal inv
    0a easy Villager trades (redundant)
    0a easy Villager dialogue (redundant)
    0a make sure player doesn't get items from creative (dropping items on the ground, chests...)
    0a teleporter use is free
0a use arrows/snowballs... for marking (for commands?)
0a AdminBook (limit to admins)
.


BG-Planned:
0b PLCs
    0b personal invs: Bug: ConfigEditor.set();
    0b barrels... too
    0b restock PLCs after timer
0b Villagers are easy to reroll when not traded with yet
0b fix: remove loading time when listing a lot of teleporters? -> send message as one, reduce loading time
1b Teleporters:
    0b fix: yaw reset on interacton with teleporter
    0b teleporters with restricted access
    0b /w doesn't list teleporters you don't have access to (+ update cmd description)
    0b list teleporters in grey if they are not reachable
        1 obstructed
        1 dimension
        0b cost to high
    0b /warp tells you how many additional ender pearls are needed
    0b does teleporting to the End island start platform destroy teleporters placed there?
    0b hinder teleporters to be placed in another teleporter's feet and head pos
    0b bug hunter script (quickly after teleporter placement?):
        0b search teleporter positions, if (cave) air: drop teleporter and delete from config
0b vanity config cmd (tablist):
/vanity
    self:
        arrows:
            clear: 0b clear arrow effects
            particle: 0b make all particles available
        potions:
            dimParticles?: 0b true/false
    others: 0b swith other player's particles on/off
0b right click on shulker boxes in inventory to open them
0b collection of items the player obtained
0b more stats:
    0b /printstats command: prints the player's stats to the chat
    0b durability used
    0b list broken tools
    0b strongest hit
    0b % of crit hits
    0b resources used for crafting
    0b list items burned/destroyed (cactus, void) (global?)
0b deconstructor block? which can salvage items/blocks (like wooden stairs)
0b quarz blocks can be crafted into 9 quarz (+others?)
0b possibility to get player heads and mini blocks for decorations (crafting recipe)
0b rideable animals (horses, donkeys, pigs) level health?, speed and jump height through being ridden
0b death:
    0b tombstones which save your items on death
    0b get a compass leading to point of death (see recovery compass)
    0b corpse beacon
0b Mending has multiple levels, higher levels repair more for the same amount of xp
0b knockback doesn't knock back skeletons
0b throwable item to build temporary floating blocks
0b heal iron golems with iron
0b craft dirt from bone meal and wood
0b craft dirt from bone meal and wood
0b colors in item names
0b waypoints players can place
0b weapons upgrade with damage dealt, unlocking a random element effect
0b weapons level damage dealt to monsters they killed a lot of
0b portals in special dimensions
0b crit damage scales per distance fallen
0b eliminate trading limits
0b elytra's armor can be upgraded with nether stars
0b loot chests with player-specific inventories
0b enchantments:
    0b higher levels than vanilla (unlockable?)
    0b enchantments on items upgrade over time (e.g. Sharpness I->II) (xp collected?)
    0b duplication (bows): chance to fire two arrows at once
    0b (over)penetration (bows): arrows fly through x amount of blocks (material makes a difference?)
    0b destruction (bows): arrows break blocks (material dependent)
    0b homing (bows): homing arrows
    0b speed (bows): arrows have more speed
0b set a compass to anything (block/entity)
0b paintable maps
0b possibility to move chests

0b Flow: prevents unwanted gameplay
    0b inventory for player-specific settings
        0b reduce damage taken by monsters
        0b prevent dropping iron tools and up from the hotbar when not in inventory screen
        0b prevent crafting of multiple equipment items at once
        0b prevent falling with the elytra in inventory?
    0b when falling into the void with or dropping the dragon egg -> replaces the dragon egg

0b Special Monsters:
    0b Tanky Creeper (less knockback)
    0b Magic Zombie (boosts nearby monsters)
    0b Invisible Spider
    0b Wizard Skeleton (every Skeleton uses special effect arrows)
.
