- Features:

Done:


WIP:


Planned:
0 integrate in MTL inventory
0 rotten flesh, spider eyes, poisonous potatoes, bamboo is compostable
0 players get effects dependent on the biome they're in
    0 Snowy biomes: faster hunger loss, slower movement, effects stronger in cold water
    0 Forest biomes: regeneration
    0 Desert biomes: mining fatigue (in the sun)
    0 Villages: resistance?
    0 The End: slowness (without full armor)
0 hitting armor drops parts of its building materials over time
0 some mobs don't attack right away / attack other mobs
0 fighting Villagers
0 villages get expanded
0 villagers are effected by beacons
0 sleeping regenerates health
0 trees reproduce (e.g. apples dropped on the groud spawn saplings)
0 non-nether wood burns in the Nether
0 lightning bolts hit higher places
0 lava transformes nearby cobblestone to stone
0 spiders build nets
0 throwable fire charges
0 in the End, lava freezes to obsidian
0 durability dependent on the mined block's strength
0 small cows grow faster through feeding them milk
0 zombies and skeletons build ruins
0 everything has the chance not to loose durability (already in vanilla?)
0 moss spreads (mossy cobblestone, mossy stone bricks...)
0 randomness in damage when hitting mobs
0 animals reproduce
0 crippling effect when at low health (slower)
0 animals are lured towards hay/food
0 monsters always drop their equipment
0 smelting armor gives more resources back, depending on durability
0 animals sometimes fight back or are aggressive
0 seasons (different length of days, temperature?)
0 arrows can break glass... if fast enough
0 Immersive Monsters:
    0 some mobs spawn with different abilities? and drops
    0 higher range of health, damage etc.
    0 random events with special mobs and drops (trigger: listener for specific time? + randomness)
    0 some monsters are neutral
    0 some monsters fight each other
    0 green witches which throw supporting potions
0 blocks corrode?
0 fire protection items can't burn
0 broken tools remain & can be repaired

Decide