- Features:

0 integrate in MTL (subsegments = eras)
0 Era of the Meteorite
    0 meteorite event
0 Story of Kalokairi:
    0 an omniscient force sends you to different worlds to train you for a hostile world / boss fight (later project)
    0 you learn something from every world (=server project) which is needed in the end project
    0 you drop from the sky at start and when you die you get sent back to it
    0 in the sky, the omniscient force talks to you and sends you back down, because you are not finished with this world yet
One day, the world stood still as every inhabitant of the Overworld looked reverently at the big, flame-trailing asteroid getting closer and closer to the ground.
The impact sent ripples through the earth for thousands of blocks and for three days, the sky went completely dark, blocking out every single ray of sunlight.
When the dust settled, the Pillagers were the first ones to inspect the crater. And what they found, didn't mean good for the rest of the world.
Just days after the asteroid hit, Pillagers harnessed the newly discovered power to disable all Iron Golems, rendering the Villages completely unprotected.
This allowed them to finally start conquering villages all around the Overworld, forcing the surviving Villagers to flee and flee again,
until they seeked shelter in the last remaining city, the capital "". The Villagers wanted nothing more than to get their homes back by defeating the Pillagers,
but without the help of their Iron Golems, there is barely something they could do. Out of desperation, the capital's shaman suggested to ask a human for help.
The next human visiting the city was you. When you agreed to help the Villagers, the shaman told you about his plans of using his powers to make you live through different scenarios in your head,
forging your battle capabilities in the process. That way, you might be able to protect the last city and fight back the unprecedented menace that is the Pillagers.

Server projects:
Campaign 1: Restoring Balance
0 playing through training worlds...
0 protecting the last village
0 taking down important Pillager outposts
0 defeating the Pillager's headquarters and leader (Pillager raids?)

Campaign 2: The new element
0
