- Features:

Done:
1 Enderchest command
1 Teleporters:
    1 distance calculation with Pythagoras
    1 left-clicking on teleporters opens the interactive inventory
    1 case insensitive warping
    1 the teleporter orientation is the player's orientation when placing it

WIP:
1 Teleporters:
    0 tablist for /warp [TeleporterName]|[WarppointName]
    0 teleporters with restricted access
    0 bug fix: yaw reset on interacton with teleporter
    0 list teleporters in grey if they are not reachable
        1 obstructed
        1 dimension
        0 cost to high
        0 no access
    0 "/warppouch put" puts every ender pearl from your inventory in your warppouch
    0 /warp tells you how many additional ender pearls are needed
    0 does teleporting to the End island start platform destroy teleporters placed there?
    0 bug hunter script:
        0 search teleporter positions, if (cave) air: drop teleporter and delete from config

Planned:
0 move config to world folder
0 Villagers are easy to reroll when not traded with yet
0 vanity config cmd (tablist):
/vanity
    self:
        arrows:
            clear: 0 clear arrow effects
            particle: 0 make all particles available
        potions:
            dimParticles?: 0 true/false
    others: 0 swith other player's particles on/off
0 right click on shulker boxes in inventory to open them
0 deconstructor block? which can salvage items/blocks (like wooden stairs)
0 quarz blocks can be crafted into 9 quarz (+others?)
0 possibility to get player heads and mini blocks for decorations (crafting recipe)
0 rideable animals (horses, donkeys, pigs) level health?, speed and jump height through being ridden
0 death:
    0 tombstones which save your items on death
    0 get a compass leading to point of death
    0 corpse beacon
0 Mending has multiple levels, higher levels repair more for the same amount of xp
0 knockback doesn't knock back skeletons
0 throwable item to build temporary floating blocks
0 heal iron golems with iron
0 craft dirt from bone meal and wood
0 craft dirt from bone meal and wood
0 colors in item names
0 waypoints players can place
0 weapons upgrade with damage dealt, unlocking a random element effect
0 weapons level damage dealt to monsters they killed a lot of
0 portals in special dimensions
0 crit damage scales per distance fallen
0 eliminate trading limits
0 elytra's armor can be upgraded with nether stars
0 loot chests with player-specific inventories
0 more stats:
    0 /printstats command: prints the player's stats to the chat
    0 durability used
    0 list broken tools
    0 strongest hit
    0 % of crit hits
    0 resources used for crafting
    0 list items burned/destroyed (cactus, void) (global?)
0 enchantments:
    0 higher levels than vanilla (unlockable?)
    0 enchantments on items upgrade over time (e.g. Sharpness I->II) (xp collected?)
    0 duplication (bows): chance to fire two arrows at once
    0 (over)penetration (bows): arrows fly through x amount of blocks (material makes a difference?)
    0 destruction (bows): arrows break blocks (material dependent)
    0 homing (bows): homing arrows
    0 speed (bows): arrows have more speed
0 compass that shows the way to the (players') nearest shulker box
0 set a compass to anything (block/entity)
0 paintable maps

0 Flow: prevents unwanted gameplay
    0 inventory for player-specific settings
        0 reduce damage taken by monsters
        0 prevent dropping iron tools and up from the hotbar when not in inventory screen
        0 prevent crafting of multiple equipment items at once
        0 prevent falling with the elytra in inventory?
    0 when falling into the void with or dropping the dragon egg -> replaces the dragon egg

0 Special Monsters:
    0 Tanky Creeper (less knockback)
    0 Magic Zombie (boosts nearby monsters)
    0 Invisible Spider
    0 Wizard Skeleton (every Skeleton uses special effect arrows)


Decide:
0 Upgrade Coins:
    0 ? item
    0 obtainable through:
        0 killing
        0 mining
        0 loot chests
        0 generated in the world (~ fairy souls)
    0 /upgrade to open an upgrade inventory
    0 can be used in upgrade inv to upgrade:
        0 worse targeting by certain monsters
        0 speed
        0 health regen?
        0 food consumption?
        0 potion resistance?
        0 potion affinity?
0 [levelling system]:
    0 every different material players collect gives them a reward?
    0 collection system that unlocks crafting recipes?
    0 armor with upgrades/modules?
    0 get skill points to upgrade:
        0 speed
        0 health / resistance
        0 damage
        0 crit chance / crit damage
        0 faster attack speed
        0 hunger?
        0 dodging
        0 XP collected
        0 higher chance for good enchantments?
0 Emerald Weapons (option 1):
    0 emerald ore sometimes drops "energised emerald" (enchanted emerald) used to craft equipment on diamond basis
    0 emerald sword:
        0 levels through killing slime with it
        0 levelling increases chance of stunning targets on hit
    0 emerald pickaxe:
        0 levels luck through breaking emerald ore, limit: luck 5
        0 luck 1: 10 ores, luck 2: +20 (30) ores, luck 3: +30 (60) ores, luck 4: +40 (100) ores, luck 5: +50 (150) ores ?
    0 luck potion:
        0 gives you the effects of luck and looting, combines with enchantments
    0 emerald monsters:
        0 drop "energised emerald"
        0 spawn in random events
        0 visible health bar / boss bar?
        0 have a name tag
        0 3x health?
        0 3x damage?
        0 50% armor ignore?
        0 emerald block in helmet slot (0 doesn't drop)
0 Emerald Weapons (option 2):
    0 tools are charged by "energised emerald" and use charge when using their abilities
    0 emerald monsters drop "energised emerald blocks"
    0 tools' charge meter and charge rate can be upgraded by combining the tool with an "energised emerald block" in an anvil
0 PassiveSkills:
    1 save data to config
    1 list all players with their skills
    1 apply factor and increase BlockValue on block break
    1 test for level-ups
    1 increase the right value on level-up
    1 /skill command to query skills
    1 search and use config on plugin start
    0 command to show skill leaderboards
    0 command to remove players
0 custom dungeons
0 chickens rarely drop special loot instead of eggs?
0 swords can be upgraded in material, keeping the enchantments (crafting recipe? high xp cost?)
0 [automation]:
    0 machines which can harvest crops
    0 manufacturing/assembling blocks (arrangement of "atoms" is important)
0 an item with charge building over time which is used to accelerate the player
0 special noob mode?
    0 certain players can be specified
    0 less damage through monsters?
    0 more durability?
    0 less hunger?
    0 faster health regen?
    0 less monster target range?
0 elytra with 8 armor value?
0 special abilities/combos:
    0 active power-up/ability which debuffs monsters for a limited time
    0 tool abilities
    0 passive abilities (speed)?


- Valid and standard argument values:

ArgumentName (StandardValue): Range
BlocksPerPearl (100): bpp > 0; bpp <= Integer.MAX_VALUE;


- Config file structure example:

Players
	[PlayerName]
		LumberJackSkill
			BlockValue = 64.0
			BonusMultiplier = 0.05
		MinerSkill
			BlockValue = 5.0
			BonusMultiplier = 0.0

	[PlayerName]
		LumberJackSkill
			BlockValue = 128.0
			BonusMultiplier = 0.1
		MinerSkill
			BlockValue = 1280.0
			BonusMultiplier = 1.0
